Clarify explanation for require_certificate option (#2830)
home-assistant/addons: mosquitto/DOCS.md

### Option: `require_certificate`

> Whether this option is `true` or `false`:
> - Unencrypted connections are possible on the unencrypted ports (default: `1883`, `1884` for websockets)
> - **If `certfile` and `keyfile` are provided:** encrypted connections are possible on the encrypted ports (default: `8883`, `8884` for websockets) 
>    - In that case, the client must trust the server's certificate
> 

Reviewer: Explaining what `certfile` and `keyfile` is doing here is confusing. We should add this to the relevant options above.

```suggestion
```

If anything, we could just say at the end of this option that `certfile` and `keyfile` are not relevant for the `require_certificate` option, or something along these lines.

Author: I updated it, let me know if that works

### Option: `require_certificate`

> If set to `true`, the client must provide a valid certificate in order to connect successfully.  
> If set to `false`, the SSL/TLS component of the client will verify the server but there is no requirement for the client to provide anything for the server, authentication is limited to the MQTT username/password.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If set to `true`, require a client certificate. Means encrypted connections are required, the client must verify and trust the server's certificate and must provide a certificate signed by the CA in `cafile`.
If set to `false`, do not require a client certificate. Can still enable encrypted connections using the `certfile` and `keyfile` options.
```
Good idea, took another stab at it though. It's more then just requiring a client certificate, this option also means only encrypted connections are possible and both parties must trust and verify each others' certificate. Also the client certificate must be signed by the CA in `cafile`. The `cafile` option doesn't do anything if `require_certificate` is false.
